Where was
When will he return
The prophecy propounded for the coming of the dark ages
An era when he will lose
Get close
Close up in your heart
And in your mind
And in the inside of your soul
And here it is
This place was where all the time
He is dying
forever
With you and inside you
Part of you
Always
I `m back
He was in the tank all the time
Hi everyone, it's me
Thank you for welcoming me back
I was away for some days
I've been good I got a good time
This is true we will watch for some animations with some
Probably all will be expired because of ...
A week has passed
Al-Maimat
If any of the Mimat crosses one Esbuh before it becomes valid, it will be infertile
That will be infuriating
We will pass through the green screen .... let's start
Well what can I say
Should I go back to the treasury
I will return
I am a free dance instructor
Come on
Hey guys
I think his body is dead
It will end soon
You do not want to mess with me
Biody present oh classic Biody past because I will fight you
Al-Harriyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh
Damn it was fantastic
Wau
I can not help knowing he was adjusted
Very good wow and wow
Hello, I was glad to meet you. Do you want to be friends?
I have an army of 60 million subscribers
Beautiful and infallible
She is .... O Lord
This is the battle of crying
You do not want to mess with me
I have an army of 60 million subscribers
I hurt my muscles
P
What
Very fast
Oh I want the full version
That was very good
Oh my God
Someone has sat for hours on this, God bless you
Follow me
He comes out of my ass
I will run from this path
Oh it's great
He is a child
I love him so much
You will be an ideal mother
I'll call it Jack Septkei
Nice
My bike was stolen recently
Someone is touching
I do not know what to say
Come Come
Did I tell you about the throne?
Do you do I do not know
It's 399
He can do many things
Wow
What made you join
I want to find you and steal all your subscribers
Ahi
It's time to stop
I just love my place because I will fight you
Do you know Du Wei
Is there anyone here who knows Da Wei
You guys I found the way they followed me
This legs know Da Wei Erini Da Wei
This is true login
He does not know Da Wei
Oh, you're so good, you think you're strong
But can you do this?
The batteries have been implemented
SpyAnget
Oh no, oh God
Oh Jack the poor did I hide you?
Did Little Jack hide you?
Little Jackie was scared
By a video game
Ooooh is very scared
I will not be afraid before playing because I am a man
The level of testosterone is at your testosterone level
Hello, I was glad to meet you. Would you like to become friends?
Haha no
Oh yeah but can you do this
Go get your money
Can you just buy the chair please
It's 399
Oh really you think you are very good Do you think you are a powerful shshshshash
You think you are something special
But can you do this?
Oh yeah, can you do this?
Yeah
399 Your depression will disappear
Sure
Yes I use mental illness to sell a chair
What?
What will you do ...... What is not that good
I love the editing of movies
I know what will happen
Reviewed by memes
References Mim
Nice this was very nice
I hope Julia is happy with her choices
This sacred cow had 11 thousand votes but it had 100% Brazilian votes
You do not want to mess with me
Because I will fight you .. You do not deserve to be the greatest eutiuper
What . This is not true Jack Fills is more cheerful than you imagine
I have an army of 60 million subscribers and no one can spell it out
You think you're special but can you do this?
They say I'm running faster than light
His energy moved his body there
Oh yeah this one is fed up
Alexa what are you doing?
I order in ridiculous pictures and do hahaha
Which ye have made
Wonderful
Alexa my job is the rocker
Alexa stop
What
Alexa is what time
It's the time of additional animations
There is no need to shout it uses FarVil technology so it can hear you from all over the room
If it can hear me from everywhere
Anyone can hear you anywhere
"Totally Crazy Player"
"Alexa, add packaging paper to the shopping list"
"399. This is a fantastic price."
"Alexa, how many teaspoons in a large spoon?"
Eighteen
No (?)
These were green screen displays
good job
Give yourself a round of applause.
Come back with the Daily Oplodes
I had wonderful times when I was in that place (it was in Japan)
Continue to make videos?
did you miss me ? Leave to the Lake
And if they do not
if
Can we make video in the trending
That's what I have today, friends
I see you tomorrow in a new video
Like always
I'll go back again
To the place of my sleep
Have a great one - have a great time everyone
And remember
Leave the admiration
If you are depressed. thank you.
Moo tai kaa